elevation-plot/README.md, before:

# Build a route with Chargetrip API

This tutorial expands on the route example. It will not only show a route on a map but also display information about the journey specs:

1.  Display a route on a map along with the charging stations;
2.  Display an elevation plot;
3.  Display information about a specific point in your journey;
4.  Updating the journey specs for a specific location in journey, when you click on that point.

This example is build with JS and requires a basic understanding of the GraphQL language. You can read this tutorial ["GraphQL starter quide"]() to see GraphQL in action.  
You can see it up and running [here](https://chargetrip.github.io/examples/route-path/).

### Preparation

To build a route, you will need a car (the associated consumption model of a car will be applied to the routing engine), station database, origin and a destination.

For the purpose of this example, we use **Tesla Model S**, **Amsterdam** as an origin and **Berlin** as a destination point. If you want to expand on this example and select another car, please look in the [API documentation](https://docs.chargetrip.com/#cars) on how to do so.

Our Playground has a station database that is populated with freely available European station data from [OCM](https://openchargemap.org/site) so you can try planning routes across Europe. Importing your own database or using one of the databases Chargetrip has an isntegration with, is possible. For more details, contact us.

### Technical stack

For this example we use [urql](https://formidable.com/open-source/urql/) - lightweight GraphQL client.

### Steps to take

Once we have a car and station database, we can start planning the route:

1. We have to request a new route. The `newRoute` mutation is used for that. We will need to pass information about the car, origin and destination. As a result we will get the ID of a new route. You can read all the details about this mutation in our [Graph API documentation](https://docs.chargetrip.com/#request-a-new-route).
2. With a route ID we can request route information. We will subscribe to a route update to receive dynamic updates for it (recommended route, alternative routes (if available), time duration, consumption etc). You can read all the details about this subscription in our [Graph API documentation](https://docs.chargetrip.com/#subscribe-to-route-updates).
3. Having the route details, we can show a route on a map. To show stations, where a car must stop for charging, we use the route `legs` object, where each leg has an origin and a destination.
4. With the route details we can create an elevation graph using the `elevationPlot` object. This object will give you a hundred points of elevation. To display the graph we use [chartJS](https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/) in this example.
5. Now we can show the route on a map. We use [MapboxGL JS](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/overview/#quickstart) in this example.
6. With the route ID and a specific location within the polyline we can request information about that route path segment using the `routePath` query. We use this to display information like elevation, consumption and the average speed. With every click on the polyline we send a new request and update the journey specs.

### Useful links

1. Chargetrip GraphAPI [docs](https://docs.chargetrip.com/);
2. Chargetrip GraphAPI [playground](https://playground.chargetrip.com/);
3. Chargetrip GraphAPI schema [information](https://voyager.chargetrip.com/).

Commit message:

comments added / read me updated

elevation-plot/README.md, after:

# Get information about elevation in your journey with Chargetrip API

This tutorial expands on the route example. It will not only show a route on a map but also display information about the journey specs and the elevation levels:

1.  Display a route on a map along with the charging stations;
2.  Display an elevation plot;
3.  Display information about a specific point in your journey;
4.  Updating the journey specs for a specific location in your journey, when you click on the polyline.

To see this example live 👉 [demo](https://chargetrip.github.io/examples/elevation-plot/).

### Technical stack

The Chargetrip API is built around GraphQL. If you're not familiar with GraphQL, [going over the specs](https://graphql.org/learn/) will be helpful. Don't worry, you don't need to be an expert to use this API, this getting started guide should be enough to get going.

To see our Chargetrip API in action, you can go to the [Playground](https://playground.chargetrip.com/). It has a big collection of mutations/queries for you to experience the power of our API.

This example is built with vanilla JS. To establish a connection with Chargetrip API, we use [urql](https://formidable.com/open-source/urql/) - lightweight GraphQL client.
We use our Playground environment for this example. It means that only part of our extensive database is available. You need a registered `x-client-id` to access the full database.

### Preparation

To build a route, you will need a car (the associated consumption model of a vehicle will be applied to the routing algorithm), station database, origin, and a destination.

For this example, we use **Tesla model S**, **Amsterdam** as an origin, and **Berlin** as a destination point.
Chargetrip operates an extensive database of EVs, each with their specific consumption models. You can find more information about our database and available queries by checking [Chargetrip API documentation](https://docs.chargetrip.com/#cars).

Our Playground has a station database that is populated with freely available European station data from [OCM](https://openchargemap.org/site). Importing your own database or using one of the databases Chargetrip has an integration with, is possible. For more details, contact us.

If you are not yet familiar with using our API to plan a route. The route example we have build for you is a good first step. This example expands on that.

### Steps to take

Once we have a car and station database, we can start planning the route:

1. We have to request a new route. The `newRoute` mutation is used for that. We will need to pass information about the car, origin and destination. As a result we will get the ID of a new route. You can read all the details about this mutation in our [Graph API documentation](https://docs.chargetrip.com/#request-a-new-route).
2. With a route ID we can request route information. We will subscribe to a route update to receive dynamic updates for it (recommended route, alternative routes (if available), time duration, consumption etc). You can read all the details about this subscription in our [Graph API documentation](https://docs.chargetrip.com/#subscribe-to-route-updates).
3. Having the route details, we can show a route on a map. To show stations, where a car must stop for charging, we use the route `legs` object, where each leg has an origin and a destination.
4. With the route details we can create an elevation graph using the `elevationPlot` object. This object will give you a hundred points of elevation. To display the graph we use [chartJS](https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/) in this example.
5. With the route ID and a specific location within the polyline we can request information about that route path segment using the `routePath` query. We use this to display information like elevation, consumption and the average speed. With every click on the polyline we send a new request and update the journey specs.

### Useful links

1. Chargetrip GraphAPI [docs](https://docs.chargetrip.com/);
2. Chargetrip GraphAPI [playground](https://playground.chargetrip.com/);
3. Chargetrip GraphAPI schema [information](https://voyager.chargetrip.com/).
